Welcome to this module. In the previous modules, we already worked a bit with the mongod instance,
so with this mongo server we started and with the mongo shell started with this mongo command. In the first
course module, you learned how you install these things and how you generally use them, in this module
I want to dive a little bit deeper and show you some things you can configure and most importantly,
where you can find more options and how to think about these options.
So to be precise, you will learn that you can start your mongodb server in two different ways, as
a process and as a service and I will show you how that works in this module of course. You'll also learn
a bit about configuring your mongodb server or the the way it runs
to be precise
and you will also learn how to fix issues or find some help, find out what you can actually configure,
what you can do. With that,
let's get started.